Use @scalardl-javascript-sdk-base (#10)
scalar-labs/scalardl-web-client-sdk: README.md

## Scalar DL Web Client SDK

> This is a library for web applications by which the applications can interact with a [Scalar DL](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardl) network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Scalar DL Web Client SDK is for web applications to connect and interact with a [Scalar DL](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardl) network.
```

## Install

> We can use package manager to install this library. For example, to install with NPM:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Simply install the SDK with NPM and the command below.
```

**NPM**
```
npm install @scalar-labs/scalardl-web-client-sdk
```

## HOWTO

> ### Create ClientService instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Create ClientService Instance
```

</script>
```

The `clientProperties` argument is mandatory for the constructor.

> This is a properties example that a user `foo@example.com` would use to try to connect to the server `scalardl.example.com:50051` of the Scalar DL network.

Reviewer: I wonder if we can point people to use the Sandbox environment here.  @feeblefakie what do you think?

```suggestion
Take a look at the example `clientProperties` below to see how to connect to the Scalar DL network. In the example the user `foo@example.com` is connecting to the server `scalardl.example.com` on port `50051` with a private-key and certificate.
```

    'scalar.ledger.client.private_key_pem': "-----BEGIN EC PRIVATE KEY-----\nMHc...",
    'scalar.ledger.client.cert_pem': "-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----\nMIICjTCCAj...n",
    'scalar.ledger.client.cert_version': 1,
    'scalar.ledger.client.tls.enabled': false,
}
```

> In what follows assume that we have a clientService instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All of the following examples require a clientService instance.
```
